Name: Tian Ye
UID: 704931660
TA: Jeremy Rotman

1. What shell command uses the man program to print all the commands that have a specific word in their man page
(or at least the description part of the man page)? (hint: man man)

The shell command "man -k KEYWORD" permits searching the manual for the "KEYWORD" that follows -k. This is found via looking through "man man" which lists all commands including the "-k" command.

2. Where are the mv and sh programs located in the file system? List any shell commands you used to answer this question.

Via the usage of "man -k which" I was able to find the full path to the shell commands. They are as follows:
	mv: "/usr/local/cs/bin/mv"
	sh: "/usr/bin/sh"
	
3. What executable programs have names that are exactly two characters long and end in r, and what do they do?
List any shell commands you used to answer this question.

Using the "find" command, you can search the files in the "/usr/local/cs/bin" directory. Then by using specifiers such as "-type" and "-name", you can use shell commands such as "find /usr/local/cs/bin -name '?r' -executable". This then yields pr and tr, whose uses can be determined via "man pr" and "man tr". pr converts text files for printing and tr translates or deletes characters.

4. When you execute the command named by the symbolic link /usr/bin/emacs, which file actually is executed?
List any shell commands you used to answer this question.

The actual file that is executed is "/etc/alternatives/emacs", and this was found via using "man -k symbolic link", which then tells that the readlink will print the canonical file name. Then "readlink /usr/bin/emacs" yields the actual file.

5. What is the version number of the /usr/bin/gcc program? of the plain gcc program? Why are they different programs?

The version in /usr/bin/gcc is gcc (GCC) 8.2.0, which you can find out by searching in the directory and looking for
the 'gcc --version'.

6. The chmod program changes permissions on a file. What does the symbolic mode u+sx,o-w mean, in terms of permissions?

"u+sx" grants the user executable permissions and the ability to set group/ID upon execution. "o-w" removes writing permissions from the other group.

7. Use the find command to find all directories modified in the last four weeks that are located under (or are the same as)
the directory /usr/local/cs. List any shell commands you used to answer this question.

Using "man find" I was led to the "-daystart". Viewing each command under it, I was led to "-mtime n", which lists all files last modified n days ago. Hence the command I used was "find /usr/local/cs -type d -mtime 28".

8. Of the files in the same directory as find, how many of them are symbolic links?
List any shell commands you used to answer this question.

Using the command "find /usr/local/cs -type l" I was able to find 279 symbolic links in the same directory as find.

9. What is the oldest regular file in the /usr/lib64 directory? Use the last-modified time to determine age.
Specify the name of the file without the /usr/lib64/ prefix. Consider files whose names start with ".".
List any shell commands you used to answer this question.

To list all the files in chronological order, I used the command "ls -lt". The oldest file shows up last in the list. The oldest file is in "/usr/lib64" and is "librom1394.so.0.3.0".

10. Where does the locale command get its data from? List any shell commands you used to answer this question.

From "man locale" I was able to see that locale receives information from the environment.

11. In Emacs, what commands have downcase in their name? List any Emacs commands you used to answer this question.

Using "man emacs" and then by typing "emacs" and "C-h" "?" and "C-h a" "downcase" which then lists all emcas commands with downcase in its name. They are as follows: 
	downcase-dwim
	downcase-region
	downcase-word
	
12. Briefly, what do the Emacs keystrokes C-M-r through C-M-v do? Can you list their actions concisely?
List any Emacs commands you used to answer this question.

"C-M-r" permits a backwards search for a given string
"C-M-v" scrolls through another window that is open but the cursor is not currently on
Using "C-h b" I was able to check the key bindings and find the names of the specified commands.

13. In more detail, what does the Emacs keystroke C-g do? List any Emacs commands you used to answer this question.

C-g essentially acts as an exit or a reset. For example, if one is in a search, "C-g" essentially clears the command returns emacs back to its default. More information can be found using "C-h b" and clicking on the hyperlink for "C-g".

14. What does the Emacs yank function do, and how can you easily invoke it using keystrokes?
List any Emacs commands you used to answer this question.

The yank function acts as essentially copy and paste. Using "C-h f yank" we find that "C-y" and "C-v" both accomplish this task, the latter once it is activated via the command "M-x cua-mode".

15. When looking at the directory /usr/bin, what's the difference between the output of the ls -l command, and the directory listing of the Emacs dired command? List any shell or Emacs commands you used to answer this question.

The primary difference between the two lies in that whilst direc lists both the current and parent directories, ls does not. Without using emacs, to list the directory type "ls -l" while in bin, and using emacs, use the command "C-x d" and then change directories into /usr/bin and press enter.